c:\users\anne\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\bin\Debug\WpfApplication1.exe.config
c:\users\anne\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\bin\Debug\WpfApplication1.exe
c:\users\anne\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\bin\Debug\WpfApplication1.pdb
c:\users\anne\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\anne\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\anne\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\WpfUser.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\anne\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\DataInput.g.cs
c:\users\anne\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\anne\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\anne\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\WpfApplication1_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\anne\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\WpfApplication1_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\anne\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\DataInput.baml
c:\users\anne\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\anne\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\WpfApplication1.g.resources
c:\users\anne\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\WpfApplication1.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\anne\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\WpfUser.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\anne\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\WpfApplication1.exe
c:\users\anne\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\WpfApplication1.pdb
c:\users\anne\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\bin\Debug\ClassLibrary1.dll
c:\users\anne\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\bin\Debug\MySql.Data.dll
c:\users\anne\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\bin\Debug\ClassLibrary1.pdb
